#LUCIUS
	Lucius is a liger descended from a sharecropping couple. Privately
educated, despite the prejudices of his peers, "Lux," as he became known as,
climbed the economic ladder to achieve wealth as an agricultural elite. 
Though he usually maintains the diction of an upperclass living, his 
vocabularly is frequently laced with breaks in formality, especially during 
times of distress. The liger values intellectual pursuits and cherishes his 
late parents, though he finds himself nagged by a longing for company. 
Lucius's most prominent shortcomings include his economically chary nature, 
coupled with a tendency for hestitation and procrastination.

####


#LEORA

	Leora is secretly (to the public) a vampire-bat; although she isn't 
ashamed , she knows to keep a secret. Her eyes are milky white from being 
blind most of her life. She can't remember pretty much any color or shape's 
appearance. Her adoptive father is a goat named "Aneurin." She loves 
medicine, and she treated the locals as a witch-doctor. Finally, she has no 
wings, having been mutilated as a youngling.

#DUMP FROM CHAT

	She has faint lines where they should connect with her arms, but nothing else.
Like, discolorations of the skin.
The other features of her's that I have down-pat so far are like
She's young-looking and a bit curvy.
Not like, voluptuous or anything.
But a bit of weight to breasts and hips/rump to fill the figure.
And a big defining feature is that she's blind.
Her eyes are a milk-white, with gray pupils.
Her hair is charcoal black with a streak of dusty gray.

#########

#ANEURIN
	Aneurin is a black goat and former strategist in the war against the
vampires, unbeknownst to his daughter. He is confined to a suit of armor
fitted with exoskeletal supports for his legs.

#TWINLEAF VASS
	Twinleaf is a reptillian scientist, and god-aunt to Leora who served
under Aneurin in war. She works for the Unidad: a heterogenous republic
that composes itself freely of surrounding species, consulting for them as a
biologist regarding egalitarian public works. As an alligator, she's tall
and imposing, yet with a graceful beauty.

	ADDRESS:	LINE #00FF09
	KEY:		1.4.9.3.0.2.4.5


#GWENDOLYN
	Gwendolyn is a sterile hen and servant to Lucius in the manor. She
lays her eggs as a source of food for Lux, and she is extremely loyal and
proud of her position, being well-educated and encouraged to independently
manage aspects of the house.

#PANAMA
	Panama is a separatist crow who joined the Huntsmen after his home
was invaded by the Unidad Republic. Huntsmen defended the independence of
his city-state, and later offered them gracious terms for becoming a part of
the empire when the city fell on economic hardship, at which time the crow
enlisted and quickly worked his ways up the ranks as a devoted soldier with
honor.
